Add more comprehensive documentation on supported date formats (#2119)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/compatibility.md

## Parsing strings as dates or timestamps

When converting strings to dates or timestamps using functions like `to_date` and `unix_timestamp`,
the specified format string will fall into one of three categories:

> - Supported on GPU, with compatibility with Spark
> - Supported on GPU, but may produce different results to Spark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supported on GPU and 100% compatible Spark
- Supported on GPU but may produce different results to Spark
```

- Unsupported on GPU

> The supported formats are:

Reviewer: Which version of "supported" are these?  The above bullets list two forms of supported, and it's ambiguous whether these are just the 100% supported or both forms of supported.

- `dd/MM/yyyy`
- `yyyy/MM`
- `yyyy/MM/dd`
- `yyyy-MM`
- `yyyy-MM-dd`
- `yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss`
- `MM-dd`
- `MM/dd`
- `dd-MM`
- `dd/MM`

Examples of supported formats that may produce different results are:

> - Use of two digit years `yy` may use different century on GPU compared to CPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use of a two digit year, i.e.: `yy`, may use a different century on GPU compared to CPU
```
